[EMBR-1741] Create contribution guidelines and issue templates (#243)
embrace-io/embrace-android-sdk: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

Contributing
============

If you would like to contribute code you can do so through GitHub by
forking the repository and sending a pull request.

When submitting code, please make every effort to follow existing conventions
and style in order to keep the code as readable as possible. Please also make
sure your code compiles by running `./gradlew check`. 

Some general advice

> - Don’t change public API lightly, avoid if possible, and include your reasoning in the PR if essential.  It causes pain for developers who use Embrace and sometimes runtime errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Don’t change public API lightly; avoid it if possible, and include your reasoning in the PR if essential.  It causes pain for developers who use Embrace and sometimes runtime errors.
```

- Get working code on a personal branch with tests before you submit a PR.
- Don't introduce new dependencies or major new functionality.

## Reporting issues

> If you have anyu trouble to start contriguting, lease [contact us directly](mailto:support@embrace.io) or reach out in our [Community Slack](https://embraceio-community.slack.com/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any trouble to start contributing, please [contact us directly](mailto:support@embrace.io) or reach out in our [Community Slack](https://embraceio-community.slack.com/)
```
